usually , he would be tearing around the living room , playing with his toys .
but just one look at a minion sent him practically catatonic .
that had been megan 's plan when she got him dressed earlier .
he 'd seen the movie almost by mistake , considering he was a little young for the pg cartoon , but with older cousins , along with her brothers , mason was often exposed to things that were older .
she liked to think being surrounded by adults and older kids was one reason why he was a such a good talker for his age .
`` are n't you being a good boy ? ''
she said .
mason barely acknowledged her .
instead , his baby blues remained focused on the television .
since the movie was almost over , megan knew she better slip into the bedroom and finish getting ready .
each time she looked into mason 's face , she was grateful that he looked nothing like his father .
his platinum blond hair and blue eyes were completely hers .
it was only his build that he was taking after his father .
where megan was a diminutive 5'3 '' , davis was 6'1 '' and two hundred pounds .
mason was already registering off the charts in height and weight according to his pediatrician .
davis had seen mason only twice in his lifetime-the day he had been born and the day he came home from the hospital .
after that , he had n't been interested in any of the pictures and emails megan sent .
with his professional football career on the rise , davis had n't wanted to be shackled with the responsibilities of a baby .
instead , he wanted to spend his time off the field partying until all hours of the night .
he only paid child support when megan threatened to have his wages garnished .
she dreaded the day when mason was old enough to ask about his father .
she never wanted anything in the world to hurt him , and she knew that being rejected by his father would .
with a sigh , she stepped into the dress and slid it over her hips .
wrestling around to get the zipper all the way up caused her to huff and puff .
standing back from the mirror , she turned to and fro to take in her appearance .
she 'd always loved how the dress made her feel sexy , but at the same time was very respectable .
while it boasted a sweetheart neckline , the hemline fell just below her knees .
she put on her pearls-a high school graduation gift from her uncle aidan , or `` ankle '' , as she often called him .
aidan was her mother 's baby brother and only son of the family .
when she was born , he was only eight and a half .
as the first grandchild , megan spent a lot of time with her grandparents , and that in turn , meant she spent a lot of time with aidan .
he had devoted hours to holding her and spoiling her rotten .
when it came time for her to talk , she just could n't seem to get `` uncle aidan '' out .
instead , she called him `` ankle . ''
it was a nickname that had stuck with him even now that he was thirty-four and married .
while it had been no question that she wanted him as godfather for mason , she had been extremely honored when he and his wife , emma , had asked her to be their son , noah 's , godmother .
she loved her newest cousin very much and planned to be the best godmother she could for him .
as she stepped out of the bedroom , she found that mason had yet to move .
`` okay buddy , time to go . ''
when he started to whine , she shook her head .
`` we have such a fun day ahead of us .
it 's noah 's baptism , and then there 's a party at uncle aidan and aunt emma 's house . ''
`` beau ? ''
he asked .
she laughed .
`` yes , you 'll get to see and play with beau , too . ''
as she went to the couch and picked him up , she could n't help finding it amusing that out of everyone he was going to see today , he was most excited about being with aidan and emma 's black lab , beau .
one day when they had their own place again , she would get him a dog .
he loved them too much to be denied .
`` oomph , '' she muttered , as they started up the basement stairs .
`` heawy ? ''
he asked .
`` yes , you 're getting to be such a big , heavy boy . ''
when they made it to the kitchen , megan paused to catch her breath .
she only had a second before her mother breezed in with sean , and her youngest brother , gavin .
`` ready ? ''
she asked .
megan nodded .
feeling like she was once again a teenager , she filed behind her parents as they headed into the garage .
`` i want to drive , '' gavin said .
with a smirk , sean replied , `` like i 'm gon na let you drive my car . ''
he then slid into the driver 's seat as gavin reluctantly walked around to the passenger 's side .
`` we 'll see you there in just a few , '' her mother called .
sean acknowledged her with a two finger salute before cranking up and pulling down the driveway .
megan worked to get mason into the car seat in her parents ' land rover .
once he was safely strapped and buckled in , she hopped in beside him .
her parents rattled along to each other as they made their way through the tree-lined suburbs where megan had grown up .
while some might look on her as having a mark against her character being an unwed mother , she had lived a relatively non-rebellious life .
even though she 'd been a cheerleader and ran with the popular crowd in school , she rarely partied to excess .
instead , she had focused on getting good grades .
at that time , she had her heart set on going to medical school and becoming a doctor .
from the time she was a little girl , she had wanted nothing more than to help people .
she was always mending birds with broken wings or trying to resuscitate squirrels who had been hit by cars .
she ditched playing princess for playing `` hospital . ''
her desire to become a doctor was why she needed the best scores and best activities and why she generally shunned any temptations to lead her off the right path .
she had even managed to bypass the usual freshman craziness when she went off to the university of georgia .
it was n't until she fell in love for the first time in her life that she threw everything away .
sadly , she could n't say that her first love was davis , mason 's father .
instead , it was another football player , this time a running back at uga , who captured and later broke her heart a year later .
carsyn ran with the fast crowd , and when she was with him , she partied and drank too much .
he was controlling and possessive , and he wanted all of her time .
when she was with him , she had little time for studying .
with her grades already in the toilet , she was unprepared for the emotional breakdown she experienced when carsyn broke up with her .
devastated , she stopped going to class and ended up flunking the semester .
by the time she got back on track with her grades , she had abandoned any hope of medical school .
instead , she decided that she would become a nurse , which would fulfill her need to care for sick people .
of course , her relationship with davis ended up derailing shortly before graduation when she got pregnant unexpectedly .
she had to take several semesters off after mason was born .
she was a few years off from when she had originally planned on graduating , but she was excited after everything had that had happened , she was finally finishing .
her mother 's voice brought megan out of her thoughts .
`` here we are , '' she said pleasantly .
leaning forward in her seat , megan eyed the clock on the dashboard .
she was n't surprised to see they had arrived half an hour before the baptism started .
one thing her mother prided herself on was being on time and lending a hand .
as they started into the church , her mother reached for mason .
`` we 'll take him so you can go see if emma needs any help . ''
megan bent over to kiss mason 's cheek .
`` see you in a little while , sweetie . ''
he grinned and then happily dodged her mother 's arms for her father 's instead , which made megan smile .
he was such a man 's man already .he loved sitting between her brothers on the couch and watching tv .
while it was good that he had so many male role models , she only hoped he had n't inherited too much of his father 's personality .
after megan watched them disappear in the crowd of family and friends waiting in the church alcove , she bypassed everyone by turning right and heading down the hallway .
at the last door on the right , she knocked .
`` it 's me , megan . ''
emma 's best friend , casey , answered the door .
`` well , if it is n't the fairy godmother , '' she mused with a grin .
after megan stepped inside , casey threw her arms around her .
megan had only met her a few times , but it was hard not liking emma 's vivacious and outgoing friend .
casey 's long brown hair was pulled back in a lose knot , and she wore a demure black slip dress and heels .
`` so how 's it going ? ''
megan asked , gazing from noah 's diapered but na**d form to emma .
she was feeding him a bottle while her upper body was draped in a towel .
peeking out from the covering , she saw emma was wearing her signature color , green .
as noah sucked on his bottle , he twirled a strand of emma 's auburn hair between his fingers .
both father and son were fans of emma wearing her hair down .
emma grinned .
`` good , i guess .
i mean , i do n't have a lot of experience with baptisms . ''
megan laughed and motioned to the towel and noah .
`` it looks like you 're taking all the proper precautions-nothing like spit-up on your dress or his . ''
with a nod , emma replied , `` tell me about it .
especially since his gown is so old . ''
megan eyed the lacy baptismal gown hanging on the closet door .
she recognized it from pictures of ankle 's baptism .
he had worn it , and now it was being passed down to his son .
casey snorted .
`` i 'm sure aidan would n't appreciate you alluding to the fact his gown is an antique , thus in turn saying he 's old . ''
emma laughed .
`` no , i 'm sure he would n't .
of course , he 'd probably argue that while the gown might not have held up , he still looks fabulous and much younger than his age . ''
megan smiled .
`` that sounds just like him . ''
she bent over emma to rub one of noah 's hands .
he grabbed her thumb in his fist and held on for dear life .
`` aw , you love your godmother , do n't you noah ? ''
emma asked .
noah momentarily stopped sucking on the bottle to flash a quick smile , which warmed megan 's heart .
`` he 's such a sweet boy , '' she mused .
`` and a charmer , just like his old man , '' casey mused .
`` that too , '' megan agreed .
thinking about her position , she cocked her head at casey .
`` are you sure you 're fine with me being the godmother ? ''
casey waved her hand dismissively .
`` honey , the last thing i need is the responsibility .
i plan on spoiling noah rotten and corrupting him as only a good auntie can do ! ''
emma rolled her eyes .
`` i 'm very satisfied with both my choices , megan .
you do n't have to worry . ''
`` so who is the godfather again ?
i know he 's not part of the family . ''
casey gasped as her hand flew to her chest dramatically .
`` you mean , you 've never met dr. mcdreamy bollywood ? ''
megan shrugged .
`` no , i have n't .
i mean , i 've heard about him and how he flew aidan home in time for noah 's birth . ''
she noticed the pleading look that emma exchanged with casey .
`` why ?
what should i know about him ? ''
casey tapped her chin with her index finger .
`` hmm , what should you know about the good godfather ? ''
she winked at megan .
`` first off , he is seriously delectable .
i mean , the man is like sex on a stick .
tall , jet-black hair , dark eyes , and he 's built like a brick shithouse . ''
megan suddenly felt her interest piquing .
she had n't imagined that the godfather would be good-looking .
it had been such a long time since she had dated anyone .
scratch that-it had been a long time since she 'd had sex with anyone .
she 'd spent the last two years completely dateless since she and davis broke up .
she could practically join one of the local parishes as a nun with how long she had abstained .
`` really ? ''
`` mmm , hmm .
he reminds me of that bollywood actor john abraham , '' casey said .
emma snorted .
`` since when do you watch bollywood movies ? ''
`` since one of nate 's friends asked us to an indian film festival . ''
casey grinned at megan .
`` besides the fact that he 's a serious looker , he 's also kind , compassionate , and caring-an overall wonderful man . ''
`` really now ? ''
megan questioned .
`` and he 's loaded because he 's a doctor . ''
this man was sounding better and better by the minute .
`` is he single ? ''
emma made a strangled noise before casey replied , `` oh , yeah , he 's single .
he 's a widower actually . ''
megan pursed her lips at the prospect .
widowers usually fell into two categories-those who were still devastated by their wives ' deaths or those who were ready to have fun and live a little .
she certainly hoped this pesh guy fell into the second category .
more than anything , she wanted to have a little fun herself .
`` do you really think you might be interested in dating pesh ? ''
emma asked , as she moved noah to her shoulder to burp him .
with a shrug , megan replied , `` dating him or just having some fun with him .
sounds like he could use some . ''
emma grimaced as she wiped noah 's face off .
`` this is exactly why i told aidan not to try and fix you two up . ''
`` what do you mean ? ''
`` pesh needs a relationship , not a hook-up after all he 's been through .
besides his wife 's death , he has n't had it easy on the dating front . ''
`` what happened ? ''